teststand/README.teststand.md, before:

## Настрока сервера для тестирования и CD

1. For tests use:
- `docker start my_test_ubuntu` (correct ENTRYPOINT)
- `docker exec -ti my_test_ubuntu /bin/bash`(runned container)
- `docker run -ti  --entrypoint="/bin/bash"  d71d85654766 -i` (in-correct ENTRYPOINT)


1. __Все операции проводим под `root`__

1. by SSH generate new keys for me `ssh-keygen -t rsa -b 4096 -C "your_account@example.com"`
1. add public keys to to `/home/srv_oper/.ssh/authorized_keys`
1. Run all from common docs in README.md from root of repo
1. Read first-run Jenkins security token in /var/log/jenknins/jenknis.log
1. Install Docker according to https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/linux/ubuntu/ and (https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/linux/linux-postinstall

```sh
apt-get install -y --no-install-recommends linux-image-extra-$(uname -r) linux-image-extra-virtual lsb-release
apt-get install -y --no-install-recommends apt-transport-https ca-certificates curl software-properties-common
curl -fsSL https://apt.dockerproject.org/gpg | apt-key add -
add-apt-repository "deb https://apt.dockerproject.org/repo/ ubuntu-$(lsb_release -cs) main"
apt-get update && apt-get -y install docker-engine

groupadd docker
usermod -aG docker jenkins
systemctl enable docker

```

Commit message:

added config for production server

teststand/README.teststand.md, after:

## Настрока сервера для тестирования и CD

1. For tests use:
- `docker start my_test_ubuntu` (correct ENTRYPOINT)
- `docker exec -ti my_test_ubuntu /bin/bash`(runned container)
- `docker run -ti  --entrypoint="/bin/bash"  d71d85654766 -i` (in-correct ENTRYPOINT)


1. __Все операции проводим под `root`__

1. set new hostname in `/etc/hosts` + `/etc/hostname`
1. `apt-get update && apt-get -y install git`
1. (by root) by SSH generate new keys for me  `ssh-keygen -t rsa -b 4096 -C "your_account@example.com"`
1. (by root) add to `~/.ssh/config for "story_line2_deployment.github.com"`
1. add public key to "Deployment keys" on github
1. (by srv_oper) add my public keys to to `/home/srv_oper/.ssh/authorized_keys`
1. Run all from common docs in README.md from root of repo
1. Read first-run Jenkins security token in /var/log/jenknins/jenknis.log
1. Install Docker according to https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/linux/ubuntu/ and (https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/linux/linux-postinstall

```sh
apt-get install -y --no-install-recommends linux-image-extra-$(uname -r) linux-image-extra-virtual lsb-release
apt-get install -y --no-install-recommends apt-transport-https ca-certificates curl software-properties-common
curl -fsSL https://apt.dockerproject.org/gpg | apt-key add -
add-apt-repository "deb https://apt.dockerproject.org/repo/ ubuntu-$(lsb_release -cs) main"
apt-get update && apt-get -y install docker-engine

groupadd docker
usermod -aG docker jenkins
systemctl enable docker

```
